Add Strava box (#3)
matchai/awesome-pinned-gists: README.md

- [bird-box](https://github.com/matchai/bird-box) - Update a pinned gist to contain the latest tweets of a Twitter user.
- [waka-box](https://github.com/matchai/waka-box) - Update a pinned gist to contain your weekly WakaTime stats.

> - [strava-box](https://github.com/JohnPhamous/strava-box) - Update a gist to contain your YTD Strava distances.

Reviewer: I think this may be a little clearer for people who don't know what Strava does.
(`waka-box` should probably be changed accordingly as well 🤔)

```suggestion
- [strava-box](https://github.com/JohnPhamous/strava-box) - Update a gist to contain your YTD exercise metrics from Strava.
```
